ca
Vienna
all people
I am lying more
I'm 16 years old and I'm going to high school in tenth grade
I have one kickboxing and handball play
but today I do not want to introduce a hobby
but because I tell something about the Nile along Germany
that camper might be funny
But it is a very important topic for us
you learn the most important at school
To avoid garbage
to protect our environment
but since you do not have to go he meant
Everything that arises anyway must be separated
how it works in Germany temporally today
in our house foreign bio waste
Garbage for the yellow sack
residual waste
and of course old paper
from Claas
The bio-waste can affect the rural areas on the compost pile
in the city there is a bio bin for it
the Rottweiler one for example food leftovers
clicked later
or oct
in the yellow bag and packaging and in front of them
The residual waste includes all strongly represented as for example
Vacuum cleaner bag or cage
Old paper and glass Sandmann drive out
but it is not picked up by the garbage collection
you have to bring it to collection points in your place
Of course, old paper is all on paper
the old newspapers
cardboard boxes
and so on
However, soon you will be clear for yourself
such as plants and sausage counter
twice a month and where mothers are not advertised
have reported
Message
drove to a landfill
even there
September the very much waste can be recycled through it
that protects the environment and saves money because Euro penalty
operating room
answer